1 God allows upright Job to be aflicted by Satan.
2 Satan afflicts Job with boils. Job's three friends come to comfort him.
3 Job curses the fact that he was ever born.
4 Eliphaz answers that Job must guilty because God does not punish innocent.
5 Eliphaz urges Job to accept his just punishmentand confess his sins.
6 Job defends his righteousness to Eliphaz.
7 Job continues his desire to die.
8 Bildad answers that God is totally just in his dealings with men.
9 Job answers that God may destroy boththe perfect and the wicked.
10 Job continues to present his grievances.
11 Zophar answers that God is justified in His dealings with Job.
12 Job answers his friendsand extolls God's strength and wisdom.
13 Job asks God to list his sins.
14 Job asks God to remember the shortness of life in His judgment of men.
15 Eliphas answers that Job's remarks are self-condemning.
16 Job answers that his friends should be comforting him.
17 Job continues concerning his loss of hope.
18 Bildad answers concerning The punishment of the wicked.
19 Job answers that his redeemer lives, and so he shall see God.
20 Zophar answers that the triumph of the wicked is short.
21 Job answers that wicked people sometimes prosper.
22 Eliphaz answers that Job has many sins of which he needs to repent.
23 Job answers that though he is tried, he shall come forth as gold.
24 Job continues that sometimes wicked people seem to go unpunished.
25 Bildad answers that man cannot be righteous before God.
26 Job answers conserning the majesty of God's power.
27 Job continues concerning his integrity.
28 Job continues that the fear of the Lord is wisdom.
29 Job continues concerning his prosperous and happy past.
30 Job continues concerning his joy now turned into mourning.
31 Job's concluding words maintain his integrity.
32 Elihu reproves Job for justifying himself, and he also reproves Job's three friends for finding no answer.
33 Elihu continues that God sometimes afflictions to turn men back to him.
34 Elihu continues concerning the totally just ways of God.
35 Elihu continues by reproving Job's self-righteousness.
36 Elihu continues concerning God's strength and wisdom.
37 Elihu continues concerning the wondrows works of God.
38 The Lord in His omnipotence answers Job from a whirlwind.
39 The Lord uses animals to illustrate His majesty.
40 The Lord seeks an answer from Job. Job will not answer. The Lord tells Job to save himself if he is able.
41 The Lord further illustrates His power and majesty.
42 Job repents indust and ashes. Job prays for his friends. God restores and doubles Job's possesions. Job's death.
